hours and hours of boredom
punctuated by the craziest stuff
you'll ever see in your life
eight-foot selfish stare me down
and there's not a damn thing I
would do if it wanted to swim at
me at 60 I couldn't react i
couldn't move I just be a fish
kebab
they are as big as pretty much
every shark below great way to
bill Fisher be incredibly hard
by commercial fishing so
Crittercam is important because
it it fills a vital gap in the
life history of these fish where
the fish are feeding where these
fish are possibly greeting but
the reality is the only way
you're going to stick a camera
to these fish as we have to fish
for the critter cam work is
conducted alongside recreational
billfish anglers I hop on board
people that already going out
fishing and tag along and they
get to see the science firsthand
as well as real in a big fish at
that points were fighting the
fish we want the fish to get
tired because we need to grab it
by the build with the camera on
the side of the fish
if he's struggling a little bit
i'll grab his bill and swim with
them just to get some oxygen and
water filling over his skills
they communicate through color
changes in their skin so they
can light up a series of stripes
and their fins and their tail
electric blue and they'll raise
their dorsal fin which is their
version of giving you the bird
just stay away from the point